




Schedule of Events -     Engage with CMU - Carnegie Mellon University





























Carnegie Mellon University
———




Search

 Search
 Search this site only 





Engage with CMU



 

Engage with CMU
                                      ›              Alumni
    
                                                  ›              Attend an Event
    
                                                  ›              Campus Events
    
                                                  ›              Spring Carnival
    
                                                  ›              Schedule of Events
                            


 Featured Events and Activities
April 11-14, 2024
Just a few of the many 2024 Carnival and Reunion Weekend activities include:

Build Week (April 7-13): Follow the progress of students during Booth Build, around this year’s theme of “Let the Games Begin…”, in person or virtually.
Buggy races and events including the fan-favorite History of Buggy
Midway activities throughout the weekend: Booth, rides, inflatables, Kidzone, Activities tent, Wellness tent, lawn games and much more.
Student performances and talent competition
Campus Community Lunch on Friday and Taste of Pittsburgh Food Truck Fest on Saturday
Plus giveaways and contests

 
The Spring Carnival 2024 logo was designed by Airla Fan (CFA 2027).


View the Schedule and Register

 

 Featured Events 

Thursday, April 11
Spring Carnival Opening Ceremony3 p.m.
Join the Spring Carnival committee, Pipes and Drums Band, and Scotty as we celebrate the opening of Midway! Throughout the weekend, be sure to check out all of the activities, including booths, rides and entertainment on the Spring Carnival stage and in tents around Midway.

Friday, April 12
Douse-a-DeanNoon to 2:30 p.m.
All proceeds from the event go to the Special Olympics of Pennsylvania (SOPA). The Carnegie Mellon University Police Department has been involved with SOPA for many years with our police officers, security officers, dispatchers and families volunteering for SOPA activities. The college/school raising the most money will be awarded the Douse-a-Dean Loving Cup to proudly display for the year.
Dean dousing schedule to come in March.

Saturday, April 13
Kidzone Tent11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Sponsored by the Alumni Association, check out games and activities specifically geared toward the younger Tartans, ages 8 and under. Additional weekend hours are Thursday from 3 to 7 p.m. and Friday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Full schedule available in March.

Sunday, April 14
Holi2:30 p.m.
Join more than a thousand people during Spring Carnival for the color party of a lifetime: Holi, the Festival of Colors, presented by CMU OM! Enjoy an afternoon of food, music, performances and color throwing with your friends. More information available in the coming weeks.



 Activities
Faces of Carnival Photo Mosaic 
Spring Carnival isn’t the same without you, so make sure you’re included in the Faces of Carnival photo mosaic! Tartans of all ages from all over the globe can submit a photo to add their faces to this new tradition. If you’re attending Spring Carnival, you can stop by the photobooth on Midway throughout the weekend to take a photo!
Don't forget to submit your photo by April 16 to be included in the Faces of Carnival. 
Look for your image — along with hundreds of others from throughout the worldwide CMU community — when we share the mosaic on social media and in email after Spring Carnival 2024.
 






 

 Search our social media for#CMUCarnival #CMUReunions #CMUBuggy for more about Spring Carnival
  



Update Your Information


Give Now








                University Advancement5000 Forbes AvePittsburgh, PA 15213 Contact Us


Legal Info
www.cmu.edu

© 2024 Carnegie Mellon University





CMU on Facebook

CMU on Twitter

CMU on LinkedIn

CMU YouTube Channel

CMU on Instagram
 




                      Alumni
    

                      Attend an Event
    

                      Campus Events
    

                      Spring Carnival
    

                      Homecoming
    

                      Reunion
    

                       Alumni Awards
    



                      Network & Group Events
    

                      Online Events
    

                      Webinar Archives
    



                      Academic Programming
    



                      Get Involved
    

                      Networks
    

                      Regional Networks
    

                      International Networks
    

                      Identity Networks
    

                      Student Organization Networks
    

                      Networks of the Year
    

                      Globally Plaid
    



                      Volunteer
    

                      Mentorship
    



                      Build Your Career
    

                      Professional Development
    

                      CMUConnect
    



                      Career Coaching
    

                      Professional Networking
    

                      Resources for Young Alumni
    



                      Alumni Resources
    

                      Online Alumni Community
    

                      Alumni Directory
    

                      Alumni Email
    

                      Alumni Insurance Programs
    



                      For Students
    

                      Tartan Tuesdays
    

                      Student Events
    

                      Professional Networking
    

                      Highland Ambassadors
    

                      Legacy Programs
    

                      Becoming Alumni
    



                      Alumni in the News
    

                      CMU Next
    

                      Class Notes
    



                      About Us
    

                      CMU Alumni Association Board
    

                      FAQ
    





                      Give
    

                      Giving Opportunities
    

                      University-Wide Initiatives
    

                      College and School Initiatives
    

                      College of Engineering
    

                      College of Fine Arts
    

                      Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences
    

                      Heinz College of Information Systems and Public Policy
    

                      Mellon College of Science
    

                      School of Computer Science
    

                      Tepper School of Business
    

                      University Libraries
    



                      Annual Support
    



                      Ways to Make Your Gift
    

                      Online Giving
    

                      Credit Card (Online)
    

                      Check
    

                      Securities & Wire Transfers
    

                      Crowdfunding
    

                      Estate Gifts
    

                      Gifts that Provide You Income
    

                      Retirement Assets
    

                      Life Insurance
    

                      Real Estate
    

                      Personal Property
    

                      Matching Gifts
    

                      CMU Employee Payroll Deduction
    

                      Cryptocurrency
    



                      Gift Planning
    

                      Inspiring Donor Stories
    

                      Create Income with Giving 
    

                      Give Through Assets
    

                      Design a Legacy
    



                      Impact Stories
    

                      Donor Recognition
    

                      Parents Leadership Circle
    

                      Order of the May
    

                      Andrew Carnegie Society
    

                      The ACS Board
    

                      ACS Legacy Scholarships
    

                      ACS Scholars Program
    



                      The Warner Circle
    

                      The Dunfermline Circle
    

                      The Highlands Circle
    

                      Heinz College Dean's Circle
    

                      W. L. Mellon Society
    

                      Thank a Donor
    



                      Student Giving
    

                      Contact Us
    

                      FAQ
    





                      Partner
    

                      Business Engagement
    

                      Foundation Relations
    

                      For Faculty & Staff
    

                      Highlighted Foundation Partnerships
    

                      Contact Us
    





                      About Us
    

                      Leadership
    

                      News
    

                      Working in University Advancement
    

                      University Advancement Policies
    

                      Donor Bill of Rights
    



                      Make Possible
    















